So let's make sure we can go to the edit product screen and for that of course I first of all will fill
it with some life by importing react from react and then also by importing some things from React Native.
And these thumb things for the moment will include the view and the text and also a style sheet which
will net need later.
And then here we have the added product screen where I will get props and need to return some J is X.
I set up my style's object here with style sheet with style sheet create like that and then we can export
the edit product screen as the default.
Now here in the component itself for the moment just to see that this works we can output a view with
a text in there where we say that added product screen and later of course will output more helpful
things here and now to go there again we need to register it isn't a navigator.
It's part of the admin navigator so let's import this screen.
Import the added product screen from screens.
User added product screen and then added here to the admin navigator maybe with added product as an
identifier point at the edit product screen.
Now we should be able to generally move there but of course we now need to trigger a navigation action
to reach it and that's something I want to do from inside the user product screen when we select this
or when we press edit then I want to do the same thing.
So I'll again create a function here so that I don't duplicate my code.
Select product or added product handler maybe this is a function where I expect to get the idea I want
to head.
EDIT So the idea of the product I want to edit and here I want to use props navigation navigate 2D added
product screen so to the screen with this identifier which I of course have because that's the identifier
I just registered here.
And I want to forward the product idea here.
So the idea I get as an argument here in the function is forwarded as a routing parameter.
Now edit product handler is the function it should be executed here.
When we clicked the edit button there I forward item data dot item dot I.D. and I do the same here in
this on select handler of course.
If we have a look at this we go back here.
Admin Click Here The edit product screen all defect like the edit button.
So that's working now to add new products I want to go to the same screen but without passing in an
I.D. and that will allow us to then find out whether we're an added or add mode on that edit product
screen by checking whether we have an idea or not.
So to go to that ad product screen we can add a action item so an item to the header bar here in the
user product screen and that should be on the on the right sole at header right here.
This isn't the end just what we set up here is all a copy that using header buttons but the identifier
here could be ad and the icon should be M.D. create and I w create two FTD I can get signals that we're
about to create something and also here I don't toggle the Traore but instead I call navigate and go
to edit product and now as I mentioned important without passing any parameters here because we're adding
a new product we will certainly not pass in any existing idea.
And with that added for example on Android to mix things up on the admin screen we can now press this
action or I can to go the discrete.
Now of course here the header is missing and we'll fix this but before we do so there is something else
I want to fix the coffee mug is actually cut off here on us.
You see that the G is a little bit cut off and in addition to that you might have noticed earlier that
when I had items on the card and I removed them like that earlier I had a minus here.
Let's fix both things for a coffee mug or for text being cut off.
The reason is simple in the product item component to your we assigned a height to our different elements
like the image has 60 percent height.
The details at 15 let's give those 17 and Dale for deduct two percentage points from the actions so
that the title has a little bit more space and does make sure that the coffee mugs stare.
That was a simple fix.
Now for the card.
The problem simply is dead.
Behind the scenes when working with floating point numbers javascript doesn't have the precision you
would maybe want to have.
And that's just how javascript works.
And therefore if you add two items and then remove them both you can actually end up with a value that
at some decimal place is in 0 and what you can do to fix it isn't a card screen is here when you output
the amount with Q fixed you can actually use math which is built into javascript round and wrap this
to fixed value here a multiplier with one hundred and there after the vide does by one hundred.
This will ensure that you never end up with this minus again.
This has to do with how javascript internally handles these floating point numbers.
So now if we again add a couple of items here and add them to the cart this generally looks good.
So our logic still works.
But now if we remove items here we should always end up with a series like this never with a minus in
front of it.
So that's just a tiny improvement regarding how we output this with this visual tweaks out of the way.
Let's go back to the user products and make sure that now that we can reach the added and add screen
which is wanted the same screen of course.
We also do show some inputs there and we load some data for a product that should be edited if appropriate.